[THEME MUSIC]
>> REGINA MEREDITH: According
to my guest Randy Veitenhemier,
we have the ability to change
our reality by understanding
the rules of the game.
This happens by tapping into
a database of consciousness
to answer our deepest questions.
In addition, Randy has
worked with the top masters
of martial arts, Kundalini yoga,
shaman, and quantum physicists.
And today, he brings
his own teaching
to us, which combines all of
the above into a self-created
universe, as you call it,
measured by Doctor Hawkins'
calibration of consciousness,
which is a wonderful starting
place.
And we have a few different
places we can start in this,
because, first of all,
we were off-camera,
and we were chatting.
And you have your own
show here at Gaia.
So if people have
seen your show,
they'll know some
of this information.
But we're going to give them
a little kind of glimpse
into you.
So informing me of what you
do, you did the say your name
and blah, blah, blah.
You went through your protocols.
And you talk about one
of the first things
is are you actually
filling your own vessel
with who you are authentically.
And let's start at
this place, because it
seems that so much of
humanity has somehow
either voluntarily given
away or had co-opted
their genuine sense of self.
>> RANDY VEITENHEIMER:
That's true.
>> REGINA: And let's just
start from right there and what
the repercussions are before
going into your new book
and a lot more.
>> VEITENHEIMER: OK.
Pleasure to be here.
Pleasure to meet you.
One of the things about
the study of the self,
there's so many books,
so many avenues,
so many ways to approach that.
And of course, every
author, every authority
has their own ideas about that.
When I first was introduced
to Dr. David Hawkins' work,
he had written a book
called "Power vs. Force."
I give it to all my students.
I give it to all my clients.
And one day I said, David,
I want to use your book.
He said, for a
commonality of interest,
a commonality of conversation.
And he's pretty
highly intuitive,
because that was
the truth of it.
So one of the things
when you talk to somebody
is to have that commonality
of communication.
And a lot of that
is non-conscious.
Now we have a problem, because
the non-conscious knowledge
of who you are, how you are,
what has happened to you
generally doesn't come
forth in a conversation.
It's all surface level, or
even we say superficial.
>> REGINA: Basic labels.
>> VEITENHEIMER: Right.
>> REGINA: I'm a mother.
>> REGINA: I do
this for a living.
I'm this old, this
age, or whatever.
>> VEITENHEIMER: Yeah.
And at that point,
somebody thinks
they have some knowledge of you.
But the truth of
the matter is you
as a person contain
all your information.
You carry it in memory fields
is one way to look at it.
We could equate them to
one memory feel per year.
And that information's
available,
just like in a computer.
And some people can access it.
We call them intuitives.
And it was very
popular in the '90s
to become a medical intuitive.
Carolyn Mayes and all
that group and everybody
got all involved in that.
And really, it just
boils down to the ability
to discern the truth.
>> REGINA: It does, and be
able to do it through a lens--
and everyone's is different--
that can be fed back
to you in an accurate manner.
>> VEITENHEIMER: Yes.
>> REGINA: Because some
people, you can just look,
and you can see.
Other people know.
So the different ways in
which that kind of truth
is reflected back is
important, because we
seem to often
discredit ourselves,
because it doesn't look
like the way someone else's
system approaches it.
>> VEITENHEIMER: Right.
or we acquired it through
our intuition or something,
which, of course,
is invalid but something
everybody does.
>> REGINA: Right.
>> VEITENHEIMER: So yeah, so one
of the things that happens is,
when you're born, we could
say you're 100% yourself.
And somewhere along the
line, in my research,
generally around six
or seven years old,
we start losing that.
We stop being present as
ourselves within ourselves.
And we extend our
consciousness out.
And we are extroverts.
We are engaged.
And home base kind of gets
abandoned to some level.
And then as we go
through life, we
get beat up and
knocked about and go
through all kinds of
experiences and ultimately
lose our way, if not our place.
So one of the first things
I look at in a person,
are you 100% yourself.
It's a very simple question.
>> REGINA: Yeah.
And you were saying that in
85% of the cases, only about 2%
of the original person is there.
>> VEITENHEIMER: Right.
>> REGINA: That has
huge implications.
And I'd love for you
to talk about that.
>> VEITENHEIMER: Well,
David Hawkins said that,
came up with that number.
And I work on people
and have for years.
And I've found it to be true
that the majority of people
do not reside within
their own consciousness.
And martial arts training
and yoga and meditation,
contemplation, it talks
about being centered
or being present and being
present in the moment.
And all of that is
saying the same thing.
And then we go to what degree
you are present as yourself.
But then it gets interesting,
because if you're not yourself,
who are you?
>> REGINA: Who are you?
>> VEITENHEIMER: Yes.
Exactly.
>> REGINA: That's the
interesting question.
>> VEITENHEIMER: And
then, well, we have DNA.
We have our mom and dad's DNA.
And we literally have
their consciousness
that is present in ourselves.
And generally
around 11 years old
is where you see the
completion of the genome
as far as consciousness
is concerned.
And you're no longer
your mom or dad.
You're yourself.
And of course, at
that point, it's
also the deviation where we
tend to go to our friends.
We tend to become a teenager.
We don't speak the same
languages, same music, dances,
everything.
But then at 18, we
reach the completion
of the physical genome.
At 18, that's who you are.
The body has reached its
completion from its start.
The consciousness has not.
And the consciousness, at that
point, is still malleable.
You're still influenced.
We say at 11 years
old, you become
influenced by your
choice of friends,
by your little peer group.
And of course, anybody
going to school
at that age, your
choice of friends
will determine your future.
>> REGINA: Absolutely.
>> VEITENHEIMER: And we
don't think about that.
And of course, nobody
teaches, hey, this
is something you might
want to pay attention to.
>> REGINA: And
that's fundamental.
>> VEITENHEIMER: Yes.
If you can know
yourself and know that,
then you are
capable of choosing,
of discerning the truth
about who you are,
where you're going,
and what you're doing.
So if we take all that, we
start having a better viewpoint,
a better observation point.
And one of the things, through
all the consciousness studies
and everything,
is that you should
be able to observe yourself.
We use other people as mirrors.
We use events as mirrors.
We use activities as mirrors.
But at some point, you should
be able to sit down and be
yourself.
That would be ideal.
But what if you've been abused?
What if you've been ill?
It can be a long distance
to get back to yourself.
>> REGINA: What I find
interesting as you're saying
these words is
how often people--
they seem to be really kind
of almost self-centered,
you'd say, in their
output and the way
they're relating to others.
Everything is
self-referential and so forth.
But because of this statistic
that we've brought up here,
about 85% of people
only being 2% authentic,
it seems to me what's
really happening
is an attempt to glean
pieces of yourself
through your interaction
with others as mirrors,
to assemble some
context of what you are.
>> VEITENHEIMER: Yes.
You've lost who
you are, we'd say.
>> REGINA: Yeah.
>> VEITENHEIMER: And
Humpty Dumpty time.
I'm going to put
myself or piece myself
back together in some image.
And we'd look at that.
And to be self-centered is not
to be centered in the self.
>> REGINA: Right.
>> VEITENHEIMER: To be centered
in the self is a martial arts
arm.
It's a meditation term.
It's a contemplation time.
But to be self-centered is, by
definition, to not be yourself.
>> REGINA: Which is ironic,
but that is how it comes off
to people around us when we're
behaving like that, right?
>> VEITENHEIMER: Yes.
>> REGINA: And you
think, gosh, this person,
everything refers back to self.
And what are they trying
to piece together?
Or what are they
trying not to lose,
almost like they'll
lose the thread
of the tiny bit of understanding
they have of themselves.
And this is epidemic.
>> VEITENHEIMER: Yes.
The language is, existence
is self-sufficient.
I teach, you do not need
to apologize for yourself.
You don't need to
validate yourself.
define yourself.
>> REGINA: Right.
>> VEITENHEIMER: You don't
need to do anything in the way
of explanation,
except to be present.
If you are present as
yourself, you are sufficient.
Now, that gets into judgment
and content and context
and a whole bunch of things
where people become judgmental,
because they operate off
content without context.
And in the context of the
universe, you are sufficient.
It's you were created.
You're here.
That's it.
Everything else becomes an
observation if it's in context.
And if it's not an
observation in context,
it becomes a judgment.
>> REGINA: And so
what is the context,
the background context
for one's reality?
>> VEITENHEIMER: That the
totality of reality that you
exist is sufficient.
>> REGINA: OK.
>> VEITENHEIMER: I know that
sounds kind of an oxymoron.
But the idea that
you're insufficient
is actually not true.
The idea that you're
not being yourself
is true, for the most part,
for most people at any given
moment.
>> REGINA: Right.
>> VEITENHEIMER: So the idea
behind all this is you would
find some way to come
back to yourself.
And of course, there's
many ways out there.
There's many paths
is what they call it.
What I've done is just
take all the information
available through all the
different practices and studies
and teachers and tried to
simplify them into something
somebody can do very simply.
One of the biggest
problems we face
is that people override
our own energy field.
They override our
own preferences,
our own knowledge of ourself.
We start to believe in things.
And if you start believing
negative things about yourself,
through marriages or through
school or through all kinds
of mechanisms, then
the probability
is you're not going
to be yourself,
and ultimately, you're
not going to be happy.
So we equate happiness
with being yourself,
with being centered
and all that.
>> REGINA: It's interesting,
because we were playing around
back there.
And you were tapping into me.
And I had a fairly
high percentage
of being present and available
in terms of being myself.
However, that said,
that the caveat to that
is that for me,
an event happened
at the age of two
which separated me
out from humanity, basically.
>> VEITENHEIMER: Yes.
>> REGINA MEREDITH:
So I was a free agent.
So I did not allow
influences in.
And my whole point
of reference was
whatever I observed
and participated in
and whatever my
experiences were.
>> VEITENHEIMER: Yes,
I agree with that.
>> REGINA: And so
it's interesting,
because the more we socialize,
which is a good thing--
It's a good thing to be
connected and socialize
and so forth.
It's the very thing
that takes us away
from ourself, looking at it
in reverse of my situation,
for example.
>> VEITENHEIMER: Yes,
because at two years old,
we would say you became
an outsider to the rest
of the world.
>> REGINA: Yeah, no, absolutely.
>> VEITENHEIMER: But that also
coincides with becoming what we
call a state of
the observer state,
to be able to be within yourself
enough to be able to look
at everything in a bright
light, we would call it, right.
It's interesting that all
the people we're around
have the ability to
exercise exert or exercise
some sort of control
over our energy field.
And everybody has
this experience.
I tell people, anybody ever made
you mad without touching you.
And it's like, well, yeah.
And I go, they could
be 1,000 miles away.
And one phone call and one word
and, like, rawr, rawr, rawr.
And what they did is they
took control of your heart
rate, respiration rate,
glandular secretions,
brainwave activity,
neural chemistry.
You talk about a weapon.
And all they did
was push a button.
>> REGINA: Right.
>> VEITENHEIMER: And
the button was you.
>> REGINA: Right.
>> VEITENHEIMER: So if we look
at that and look at the amount
of energy, it's kind of like
somebody pressing a remote.
It didn't take anything on
their part, rawr, rawr, rawr.
All you got to do is
mention your name.
>> REGINA: To go up your
sense of self against that.
>> VEITENHEIMER: Right.
And that's what they're
attacking, because that's
where we're vulnerable.
>> REGINA: But see, if we
don't have a real self,
what are they actually
attacking except, really,
kind of erroneously passing
through in held-now beliefs
and such?
>> VEITENHEIMER: Self-centered,
not centered self, right.
So then, people say, well,
how does healing work.
Well, it's the same
process in reverse.
It's somebody who is able to
have you be less energized
to that name or to that
situation or that illness
or that age.
There's all kinds of
different parameters
that can be addressed on it.
But at least it becomes a
start in the same fashion
that you would pat
somebody on the back.
The pat is delivered to
make somebody feel better.
If you expand that
with a lot of energy,
then you're doing
the same thing I do.
To me, you're supposed to have
about a 9-foot energy field.
>> REGINA: Yeah.
>> VEITENHEIMER: And it's
a great big ball of glowing
light.
>> REGINA: And you say also that
a lot of people in the world
of martial arts, for example,
that is what you're going for.
You're going to have maximum
energy at your disposal--
>> VEITENHEIMER: Yes.
>> REGINA: --that you can
harness and use at will,
correct?
>> VEITENHEIMER: Yes.
You draw energy from
your energy field.
>> REGINA: Yes.
>> VEITENHEIMER: Your
energy field supports you.
>> REGINA: And that's why
martial arts really has played
largely into your education
and the concept that
you've created, this
integrated concept.
>> VEITENHEIMER: Yes.
But in America,
the first six years
you learn martial arts, like
in kung fu and different ones,
it's all physical arts.
But very few people make
it through that training
to the point you start
the energetic arts,
the internal arts.
>> REGINA: And you did Shaolin?
>> VEITENHEIMER:
Yeah, Shaolin kung fu.
>> REGINA: Kung fu
for 20-some years?
>> VEITENHEIMER: 20
or 30 years, yeah.
>> REGINA: 20 or 30 years?
Yeah.
It sounds very exotic.
We see movies.
We see martial arts movies.
>> VEITENHEIMER: Yeah, but
you only see the physical.
>> REGINA: We only
see the physical.
So we don't really
understand it at all.
>> VEITENHEIMER: The
internal training,
it doesn't look as good on TV.
But you spend about
an equal amount
in meditation and
contemplation as you
do in actually physical exercise
and martial arts exercises.
>> REGINA: So let's talk about
what one of those meditations
would be like to harness the
energy, strengthen the field.
>> VEITENHEIMER: Chinese
energetic medicine.
>> REGINA: OK.
>> VEITENHEIMER:
More specifically,
medical qigong therapy relates
to what we're talking about.
>> REGINA: Yeah.
>> VEITENHEIMER: And now we
break it down even farther
instead of a big broad subject
to tai chi and then to qigong
exercises.
There's a gentleman named
Robert Pang in New York
City who wrote a book about it.
And I went to see him
and talked to him.
And what was fascinating,
he had his training in China
in Shaolin.
And I had my training here with
Chinese teachers from China,
mainland.
And we basically had
the same training.
>> REGINA: It was authentic.
>> VEITENHEIMER: Yeah, it made
me kind of happy to know that
I'd actually been traditionally
trained, as it's called.
>> REGINA: Right.
>> VEITENHEIMER: But if we
go back to the energy field
itself, the idea on those
meditations is to produce,
harness, and be able
to utilize the energy.
So if we take and
we need a model
about it, a two-year-old baby.
A baby when it's born has about
a 30-40-foot energy field.
Everybody wants to hold them.
Everybody wants to
buy them presents,
take them places, this,
that, and the other.
I always tell the joke.
Female, when you get to be
21, buy your own clothes,
hug yourself, buy your own food.
Nobody wants to do that anymore
unless you're a charismatic.
>> REGINA: Right.
>> VEITENHEIMER: And a
charismatic has a big energy
field.
And the people want
to be around that.
They want to be around babies.
They want to hold them.
And they want to be around
charismatics, because they
have a big energy field.
And unfortunately, they
want to draw their energy
from that person as opposed
to creating their own.
>> REGINA: But how often are
charismatics actually drawing
their energy from the people
around that are giving to them
and worshipping them?
>> VEITENHEIMER: Yes.
>> REGINA: It's
a two-way street.
>> VEITENHEIMER: Yeah.
So now we have energy
flowing this way.
And we teach it flows this way.
So the energy of
a human is innate.
And it enters the body.
It enters the energy
field and in the process
energizes all these activities,
processes, functions,
and consciousness itself.
So these types of training
are all over the world,
just not in the United States.
And even here, we get them only
as the fighting aspects of it.
In traditional
Shaolin kung fu, they
call them priests, because
you learn the fighting
for the first six years.
But then you spend
the next 30 years
learning how to heal people,
learning how to be a doctor.
So that's why sometimes they
use that certain phrase.
>> REGINA: Are they using--
you call it "gigong," qigong?
>> VEITENHEIMER: Yeah.
>> REGINA: There's so
many different spellings
and pronunciations.
>> VEITENHEIMER: The problem
with gongs is what I call it.
>> REGINA: You're right.
The problem with gongs,
one of the gongs.
>> VEITENHEIMER:
Qigong, nigong, gigong.
>> REGINA: I usually say qigong.
But they use this in
particular in tai chi
to help build the field
and harness the energy?
>> VEITENHEIMER: Right.
>> REGINA: Those are
the primary practices,
or is it also mental and
imaging yourself reaching out,
coming back?
>> VEITENHEIMER: So
physical movement.
And then physical
movement, we say,
concentrate in
the United States.
And in Chinese martial arts,
we say physical movement
plus contemplation.
In other words, an
awareness of your movement.
So if we go to football
players, they move.
They're physical.
But their consciousness doesn't
extend into their movements.
Their awareness
doesn't extend into it.
And I've worked with some
of those athletes and stuff
to better their capacity.
>> REGINA: I was going
to say, as a result,
could they have a
contracted field?
>> VEITENHEIMER: Oh, yes.
>> REGINA: They might be
powerful physically and have
physical energy, but maybe the
field isn't as extended as it
could be?
>> VEITENHEIMER: Right, yes.
Several major college
coaches, and some of them
I've worked with.
But then I've
approached NBA and NFL.
And I go, you really
need to learn this.
These are things
that would allow
you to be energized all
throughout the game instead
of getting tired,
because we learn this
like going into a tournament.
You would go in
and have a fight.
You would be, normally, tired.
>> REGINA: Right.
>> VEITENHEIMER: And
all we had do was go--
[BREATHING IN THROUGH NOSE] and
we were instantly re-energized.
Here we go again.
Energizer bunny-- and so that
would be a good technique.
They should learn this.
>> REGINA: Yeah.
>> VEITENHEIMER: And
so of course, over 20,
30 years of me trying
to tell them that.
And then I think it was the
Seattle Seahawks or somebody,
they go, we need to hire
some karate guy or somebody
to come in here.
This is just in the last
three or four years.
And I'm like, well,
yeah, I've been
trying to tell you
that for 30 years
that you need to get
somebody in here that--
>> REGINA: Knows energy.
>> VEITENHEIMER: Yeah, because
that is the defining difference
between, do you give out
in the third quarter,
or do you make it all
the way to the end.
Now let's apply it to a human.
Do you give out in your 30s?
>> REGINA: Versus
a star athlete.
>> VEITENHEIMER: Yeah.
Or your 40s or 50s?
Where do you start
losing function?
And the functionality of
the body is through energy.
Energy either goes there or
it doesn't and if it doesn't
go there, then we would
want to find some way
to re-energize it.
And those are not
necessarily pharmaceuticals.
>> REGINA: Right.
>> VEITENHEIMER: Right.
So now we're engaged in
the practice of somebody
should practice being
themselves, right?
So I looked at all
this over the years
and decided that, with all
the clients and everything,
if I could give somebody
very simple things
to do that anybody
of any age could do--
And so I started
writing all that down.
And it comes out as a
book called "War Day."
>> REGINA: I know.
When you told me the name,
I thought, "War Day?"
>> VEITENHEIMER: Yeah.
>> REGINA: You need
to on that one to us.
>> VEITENHEIMER: Yeah, I've
gotten some flak about that.
But if you think about it,
from the moment you're born,
you're basically at war.
You're at war for your
survival for food, comfort,
for all these things.
And if you're in a benign
environment, that's not true.
War Day is not true
for somebody that
has life easy, we would
say, meaning that all
their needs are satisfied.
But if you think
about it, every day
you go into the potential
for emotional war.
Your emotions,
you're at war with.
How about it's Monday?
People automatically
go negative.
How about your relationships?
How about the need for money?
And we use the language.
It's a battle.
If you look at the
language of Wall Street,
if you look at the
language of health care--
oh, we need to
battle cancer, right?
The war on cancer.
>> REGINA: My portfolio
just took a hit.
>> VEITENHEIMER: 347 points.
Yeah, so it's not
just your portfolio,
because energy is money.
>> REGINA: Energy is you.
It's your security.
It's your sense of self.
>> VEITENHEIMER: Yes.
>> REGINA: Right.
>> VEITENHEIMER: And so when
we look at all that, it's like,
can I be more energetic.
And the answer is yes.
Can I be more myself?
Yes.
Are there simple
techniques I can
do to get there
that don't involve
adopting a whole new religion
or a whole new philosophy?
And the answer is yes.
And I know this because
some of my clients.
I will tell one name.
I use first names.
Helen, 79 years old, came to me.
She's been married
several times,
several children, all
the travails of life.
No energy, not herself.
I gave her one simple
exercise, and she did it.
And she came back 30 days later.
The difference in
her was astounding.
>> REGINA: What
was the exercise?
You can't tease us.
>> VEITENHEIMER: It's a
very simple rolling exercise
to increase the size
of your energy field.
It's very simple.
Anybody can do it if you
can get down on the floor.
If you can't, just don't
fall out of the bed.
>> REGINA: Well, say you
can get down on the floor.
What do you do?
>> VEITENHEIMER: Oh, in any yoga
book, it's called log rolls.
>> REGINA: Log rolls?
OK.
>> VEITENHEIMER: Put your feet
together, arms by your side,
and just inhale deep,
exhale, roll, roll, roll.
It's actually a
progressive exercise.
But I gave it to her.
And the funny story is, I
said, OK, try this exercise.
And maybe I'm not clear.
But I said, you want
to do 11 minutes of it.
But the truth is, you want
to do one minute if you can.
>> REGINA: Right.
>> VEITENHEIMER:
And over a year,
you might build up to 11
minutes every morning.
It's one of the exercises
I give in my book.
>> REGINA: I mean, do
you roll both ways?
>> VEITENHEIMER: Yeah.
It depends on how
much space you have.
>> REGINA: Right, exactly.
So you have to go
back and forth.
>> VEITENHEIMER: Right.
And so you just roll
and breathe with it.
So she comes back 30 days later.
And it's like, say your name,
[AFFECTING A VERY DEEP VOICE]
Helen.
>> REGINA: Oh, goodness.
>> VEITENHEIMER: I'm like,
what have you been doing.
And she goes, well,
I've been doing
11 minutes of that exercise.
I go, are you crazy.
>> REGINA: 11?
>> VEITENHEIMER: You're supposed
to do one minute and work
your way up.
No, I've been doing 11.
It's been three years.
That woman runs about a 12
to 15-foot energy field.
>> REGINA: Wow.
>> VEITENHEIMER: We talk about
people having like 36 volts
of energy along their spine.
She runs about 40 to 100.
>> REGINA: Wow.
>> VEITENHEIMER: And there is no
way that you would think of her
as 82 years old.
>> REGINA: She is a holy roller.
>> VEITENHEIMER: Right
I should patent that.
>> REGINA: Yeah.
And so she still
continues to do it?
This is her therapy?
>> VEITENHEIMER: Yes,
she continues to do it.
She comes and sees
me every few months.
And I'm like, why
do you come see me.
You are yourself.
And you have your own energy.
And she goes, I just
like talking to you.
>> REGINA: Well, and
you taught her that.
And the thing is, when
we're little kids, that's
one of our favorite
things in the world
to do is roll down a hill.
>> VEITENHEIMER: Right.
>> REGINA:
>> REGINA MEREDITH: You just
want to roll every chance you
get.
>> VEITENHEIMER: I taught at
Kundalini yoga class one time.
And funny story, I had about
55 people in the class.
It was jam-packed.
And I said, OK,
you put your arms
by your side, legs together,
inhale deep, and roll.
And of course, there's
geniuses in the class.
And they go, which way.
>> REGINA: Right.
>> VEITENHEIMER: And I
go, I said, just roll.
I didn't give you a direction.
>> REGINA: Just don't
roll into each other.
>> VEITENHEIMER: No,
that's what happens.
Then they start rolling and
hit somebody and roll back.
And it looks like a big
game of bumper cars.
>> REGINA: Sure it does.
>> VEITENHEIMER: And
after about three minutes,
they are screaming laughing.
That is joyfulness.
That is energy flow.
They didn't need to
do anything else.
They could have walked
out of class right
then with a 10,
20-foot energy field.
And so we don't think
it would be that simple.
We think it has to be energy
drinks or donuts or coffee
or something else.
But we all have that capacity
to energize ourselves.
>> REGINA: What is it about
that particular function that
so electrifies the
field, the rolling?
>> VEITENHEIMER:
It's circular motion.
>> REGINA: OK, circular motion.
>> VEITENHEIMER: Right.
And kung fu and
aikido is circular.
These are martial arts.
>> REGINA: Right.
And you're also exposing many
surface areas of the body.
>> VEITENHEIMER:
It is self-massage.
>> REGINA: Self-massage.
>> VEITENHEIMER: So what you're
doing is causing the body to be
homogeneous.
At that point, energy
flows through it evenly.
At that point, the
tendency is to be happy,
we would say, right?
>> REGINA: Oh, it makes
you ecstatic when you roll
as a little kid.
You're just laughing
your little tail off.
>> VEITENHEIMER: Yeah.
So we knew that,
and we lost that.
It's not a secret.
It's just nobody does it.
>> REGINA: Exactly.
>> VEITENHEIMER: And of course,
that's just one of the little--
in "War Day," I break it down.
People do battle.
What if you have a
child that's sick?
Or what if you have
a marriage or divorce
you're going through?
They're both equal, by the way.
And you think about the need for
shelter and the need for food.
And these are battles
for some people.
And obviously, the
less you are yourself,
the greater that battle is.
And the point you've
lost yourself,
they become insurmountable.
There's no you
there to do battle.
So that's why I
called it "War Day,"
because it's meant to
address people that
don't have the resources
of going to the gym
or being able to
get out and about
in a way that will allow
them to be healthy.
So that's idea, it's to
give them five simple things
that they can do.
>> REGINA: I was going to say,
can you give us one more so we
have at least two simple things?
Because people, they love things
they can take away and then
play right away.
Some will pause this video and
start rolling before we even
get to this part.
>> VEITENHEIMER: So they
may not want those visuals,
I don't know.
>> REGINA: Maybe a second
simple exercise like that.
>> VEITENHEIMER: OK.
So in martial arts
training and the way
I train people
when I teach this,
the first one is to be yourself.
And so even if you
don't know what that is,
it's a starting point of
where you intend to go.
And then the second
thing is discipline.
So the first exercise I give
is get up at the same time.
Go to bed at same time.
What you're doing is training
your body over a period of 40
days or so to know what
it means to get up,
to know what it
means to eat, know
what it means to go
through your day,
and to have a baseline, your
baseline in your own life,
to see what happens during
the course of your day.
And you can take stock.
You can take notes of
your mental condition
or emotional state.
Those are really
M-E, we call it.
Me is important.
Me is where we lose all the
energy, mental thinking,
and emotional, all the
feelings and things.
So if we take those
and we have a baseline,
now we have the basis
to do something,
say, like even rolling or some
of the other little simple
exercises.
And we can tell the difference,
because until then, you may not
be able to tell a difference
from the very minor things
that these things are.
They're that simple.
But once your awareness
includes being
able to know your baseline,
now you have a starting point.
And of course, the starting
point's always to be you,
to be what you know.
>> REGINA: Right.
So if the average
person isn't themselves,
and you have other data
and information filling
that gap, most of it
unconscious, a lot of it
projected through media, through
culture, through education,
through entertainment,
through all of it,
and now you have basically--
I don't even know what you
would call it, like junk DNA.
You've got a junk version
of who you are in there.
There has to be a process of
also not just strengthening
the self but at the same
time maybe learning to hold
at bay outside influences.
>> VEITENHEIMER: Two things.
A 9-foot energy field is what we
recommend in ayurvedic medicine
or in Chinese medicine.
At that point, you
have sufficient energy
to function and supply
energy to all the functions
and processes of the body.
You have a tendency
to not get sick,
a tendency to not
get the flu or colds.
The other aspect of
that is, everybody
wants to talk about diet.
And diet is strictly, let's
talk about your food intake.
Well, let's talk about
your mental intake.
Let's talk about your
emotional intake.
Let's talk about
your programming.
And there's a reason they
call programming on TV
and movies and things like that.
Let's take your
environmental programming
and environmental inputs.
What's your diet of it?
So now we come up
with all these things
about being out in the words
and doing all these things.
And really, it's so subjective,
and that's the other problem.
Everybody needs to find
what works for them.
There's no simple,
straight answer.
But with some simple
techniques, you
have the ability to find out
those answers better than
if you didn't do them.
>> REGINA: Well, you just
mentioned a walk in the woods,
because nature is
herself, right?
I mean, been tampered
with but still herself.
Forget EMF frequencies and
other things passing through it.
Do people generally, you find,
by just exposing themselves
to nature on any level, start
coming more back into harmony?
>> VEITENHEIMER: Yes.
When we talk about
the rolling exercise
and increasing
your energy field,
that is a physical exercise
to increase your energy field.
But once you step
off the pavement,
especially if you
step into deep woods,
you have a natural inclination
to expand your energy field
as big as you can get it so
that you can have advance
knowledge of what's out there.
You expand a big bubble, 30
feet's normal, out to 100, 200.
And if you contemplate it
or meditatively experience
with it, combine
it, then your senses
start being pick up
all kinds of things,
from the animals to, actually,
if it's going to rain.
You're sensitive to all of it.
And all that happened just
because you stepped off
in the woods.
So that's the natural
method to do it.
>> REGINA: And this is part
of your own heritage, right?
As your own
Pottawatomie background,
you're very tied
into nature on levels
that your European side of your
heritage may not have been.
Give us some glimpses in
the Native American aspect
of your own culture and your
being of how you draw on nature
and expand yourself
through nature?
>> VEITENHEIMER: First of all,
it's done not with intention.
They talk about intentionality.
I think today, they'd
almost call it abuse.
At five years old, I would tell
my mother, I'm going hunting.
>> REGINA: No, true.
>> VEITENHEIMER: And out the
back door and into the woods I
went.
>> REGINA: It was that
way in the suburbs.
We'd just take off as a
gang and show up for dinner
at three, four, five.
>> VEITENHEIMER: Yeah.
So to wander in the woods,
that was my playground.
That was normal.
And of course, there's
some attunement
that comes from that.
You either become comfortable,
or you become fearful
out there.
And of course, if you become
comfortable, then that's home.
The woods are home.
I teach that in certain aspects.
And of course, out
of that came hunting.
And hunting is a
relationship, whether it's
hunting for food or housing
or a mate or anything,
it's relationships.
It's not necessarily violence,
what I want to get into.
There's some sustenance
involved in it.
So then to be out
in nature, we moved
from the woods of Oklahoma,
about nine years old,
out into what would
become Page, Arizona.
>> REGINA: Oh, yes, uh-huh.
>> VEITENHEIMER: In
the middle of nowhere.
It was 65 miles or 80
miles to the grocery store.
>> REGINA: Oh, yeah.
Been there.
>> VEITENHEIMER: And
just like you said,
they took all us kids and
said go away, basically,
don't hang out in the house.
You'll make mom crazy.
And we would come
back at sunset.
So then, again, you become
attuned to your environment.
And now we're back to that diet.
What kind of environment
do you live in?
That's why it's important that
your house be a comfort to you
as much as possible.
And we talk about the house.
How about being inside yourself
should be a comfort to you?
>> REGINA: Indeed.
So let's go back to that.
So you and your little playmates
would be out running around,
as I was.
I lived outdoors, basically.
And you develop a
sense of relationship.
You have activities.
You have competition.
You do the things.
You mess around.
You do things kids do.
How do you contrast that
in the sense of self
that was developed in
children at that time
compared to how children
are developing today, mostly
indoor and an indoor
lifestyle and especially
associated with
lots of technology?
>> VEITENHEIMER: When
you learn from nature--
this is the Native
American aspect--
it's a knowledge
that doesn't go away.
It's internalized.
External knowledge
is kind of like,
tell me the fourth book
you read three years ago.
I don't know.
I read it.
It was important at the time.
But it's gone.
So that form of
externalized knowledge,
it's not incorporated
into the self.
>> REGINA: But that's what
our education system is almost
exclusively based
on is external.
>> VEITENHEIMER: Yeah.
I look at all the kids.
They have the screens
and this and that.
And of course, everybody
wants to complain
about the generations
or whatever.
But ultimately, we'd
look at it and go, what
is the purpose of all this.
It's kind of like if I look
at my generation and say,
my purpose was to extend
what was known before me.
And then we'd look at
the current generation
and go, well, with all the
electronics and everything
else, they're obviously
not extending anything,
because the internet,
25 years ago, didn't
exist as far as commercial.
So now we take a look at it
and go, what kind of society
do they need these skills for.
The skills I learned
as a child, I
was learning because they were
important for that environment
that I grew up in, Native
American environment,
living in the woods, hunting,
fishing, all the other things,
living in the woods.
That's not so important,
except as recreation now.
>> REGINA: Yeah.
>> VEITENHEIMER: So if
we look at the children,
rather than find fault with
what's going on, it would be
interesting to note what
skill sets do they have,
because they all develop them.
They all have this absolute
electronic integration.
And I'd want to know what,
30 years or 100 years
from now, that portends.
And of course, we don't know.
>> REGINA: No, we
don't know yet.
I think, on a concerned level,
or shadow side level of that--
and it doesn't matter
what your age is.
The more exposure to
external media of any kind,
the less you is there.
>> VEITENHEIMER: Right.
That's true.
That's why most people--
this is a judgment, or more of
an observation, I apologize.
Is that people are not
comfortable being themselves
and, more importantly,
being with themselves.
So at that point, they
seek satisfaction or input
is what I call it.
And they seek all
that input externally.
And there appears
to be historical--
some comfort in being
yourself and with yourself.
And now we have to
be entertained 24/7.
There has to be externalized--
>> REGINA: And if you were to
measure the uncalibrated people
from before long ago and their
sense of authenticity of who
they were compared to today, I
would think you'd have vastly
different reflections.
>> VEITENHEIMER: because I
found comfort in being myself.
I didn't want to be
Superman or anybody else.
And I think since there's no
sense of the self present,
then I want to be
everything but myself.
And I think that
a current state.
We could calibrate how many
people and everything else.
And ultimately, that comes
down to this authenticity
that people talk about of
being the south and stuff.
But most people
never take the time
to find that place, in the old
language, to find themselves.
That's the old hippie language.
>> REGINA: Right.
And so if you're
not you, and you're
everything that's been
stuffed into your field that's
accumulated, and that's kind
of pretending to be you,
you end up with
internal conflict.
And you and I were
talking off camera
that one of the
biggest issues in terms
of working with
people, your clients,
on health issues and other
issues, emotional issues,
is this internal conflict
of being you're not-self.
>> VEITENHEIMER: Right.
The reason that's
so important is
like when we talk
about discipline
as the first exercise.
It's an exercise.
I'm going to give
you a baseline.
And you're going to come up
with every reason in the book
to not get up at 6:00 AM and
go to bed at 10:30 every night
or 7:00 and 11:00,
whatever numbers they are.
And that throws people.
I say, well, pick that time.
And they go, well, what.
I go, no, that's you.
You pick a time
you want to get up.
It's your choice.
You're not going to make
me happy by picking one
over the other.
And then the same
thing going to bed.
What you're doing is saying, I'm
going to set some parameters,
some metrics where I can
find out about myself.
And in the process
of that, I'm going
to discover what I need to do
to be able to be healthy and be
myself and to participate in
the world from a positive point.
>> REGINA: Yes, OK.
And where would you
progress after you've
done this experiment
where you're going to bed
and getting up at
a specific time?
>> VEITENHEIMER: Knowingness
becomes available.
You become knowing of
where you need to be
or what you need to do
without an internal conflict.
You don't do things
because you're supposed to
or this, that, and the other.
You do them because they
benefit you or benefit others.
The benefit of being the
self becomes apparent.
It becomes noticeable.
When you do these
exercises like discipline,
you start noticing
how much negativity
you have to getting
up in the morning
or going to bed at night.
That negativity has to find
expression in the body.
That's what it amounts to.
And so over a long
period of time,
that can become chronic
illness or susceptibility
to different problems
in the world.
And again, they don't
all have to be health.
They can be financial.
They can be mental, emotional.
They might be
relationship issues.
So that negativity
finds an expression.
That's what I'll say.
So when you do
discipline, you're
establishing a way to
observe whether you
have internal conflicts.
And ultimately, through
contemplation and meditation,
you start being
able to expand out
into your information fields.
And you start going, wow, I have
a need to make people happy,
or I have a need to make people
mad, or I do all these things,
but they're really not me.
They're things that I do.
And I didn't even
realize I was doing.
>> REGINA: So you're
becoming an observer.
>> VEITENHEIMER: Right.
And observing the self that way
occurs through contemplation
and meditation.
And now there's
millions of books.
In today's society, there's
no reason to not be available.
But 30 or 40 years
ago, you were pretty
kooky to want to do yoga or
meditation and those things.
And so that's the progression
we're going through.
>> REGINA: So getting into
a little bit more abstract
conversation on it, talking
about the notion of what I am
and I am not, you have a
notion of 1 and 0 reality,
because again, we're
talking about data.
Now, does that 1 and
0 reality relate to,
say, Hawkins' field
of consciousness?
>> VEITENHEIMER: Uh-huh.
One of the things that
we're taught in life
is positive and negative.
If you look at a plug on
a wall, a wall socket,
it has three prongs.
And one of them
is called neutral.
I think that's very interesting.
One of them's neutral,
one of them's grounding.
To be grounded, which is one
of the exercises in the book
"War Day," is important.
It means you're stable
before you're tipped
over upset by what goes on.
But the other one
is to be neutral.
If you think about
the amount of energy
you expend being upset about--
and I won't get into the
politics and the current world
situation, we'll call it.
People expend all this energy.
How much did you
have to start with?
That's the whole
point of this book
is to get to that
starting point of having
enough energy for your day and
then getting beyond that, to be
truly rich in your own energy.
And so if you look at
that to be neutral,
it would be something
that we'd really like
to be present in our education.
In other words, what
do you think of this?
I don't.
What do you mean you don't?
It's important.
No, I do not have an
ability to interact with it.
I use war as an example,
because it's the book.
What do you think
of the war in fill
in the blank, any place
you want to think about?
Well, I don't think about it.
What do you mean you
don't think about it?
I don't have any guns.
I don't have any bullets.
I don't have a money.
I don't have any transportation.
I don't know who to shoot.
I don't know how many to shoot.
I don't know what
would be accomplished
by shooting somebody.
So I don't have an
opinion about it.
And I just made myself crazy
with that whole statement.
>> REGINA: Right.
>> VEITENHEIMER:
And I lost energy.
So then we'd go,
neutral is a good thing.
I should only expend energy in
a positive or negative manner.
And discipline is
learning how I'm spending
that energy during the day.
So 0 and 1 reality
is part of what
I call proximate realities,
the other book I'm writing.
>> REGINA: You just said
approximate reality.
What is proximate reality?
>> VEITENHEIMER: OK, so
proximate reality is another
book I've been writing
on for quite a while.
And it has a lot
of implications.
But one of the things is
we divide the world up.
I didn't do that.
Somebody else made
night and day.
If we take that
as a base duality,
now we have positive
and negative.
Remember the neutral?
We really want to get
neutral back in there,
because at that point,
I don't hate Mondays,
and I don't love night or
hate day or vice versa.
I go out of expending energy.
I retain that energy for myself.
But number 1 reality
is all the reality
you can use your senses on.
It's everything you can
touch and everything.
The 0 reality is a
whole other game.
It is your imagination.
It's your daydreams,
your nightmares,
your out-of-body experiences,
your consciousness
when it's floating free.
It's when you're being
an artist or a musician.
You're not in number 1 reality.
You're not dealing with
hard, physical objects,
physical reality.
You're dealing with something
that has no physical existence.
We call it non-local
consciousness.
And so if you look at
0 and 1, divide it up,
how much energy do
you expend physically?
If you're a
carpenter, contractor,
construction worker,
a football player,
you spend a lot of energy.
But what if you spend twice that
much in nightmares, bad dreams,
thinking about
your relationships,
or, again, the negative that I
need money or I didn't do this
or I'm sick?
There's where all
your energy went.
So 0 reality is a net
consumer of energy,
far in excess of physicality.
>> REGINA: Of physical reality.
>> VEITENHEIMER: That's it.
And so we would want to
become observant of it.
We would want to become
interactive with it.
And in the show
I'm doing, I talk
about a lot of aspects of that.
And they apply on both sides.
>> REGINA: So let's get to
a really basic one then,
the word should.
>> VEITENHEIMER:
I hate that word.
>> REGINA: There you go.
>> VEITENHEIMER: If I
used it, I apologize.
>> REGINA: Most people do.
So we do, we all use it.
And we all hate the word.
And we all hate what that
word implies and feels like.
And yet it drives a
lot of our 0 reality.
>> VEITENHEIMER: Yes,
because the implication is
there's a payoff.
We are goal-oriented.
And that is one of
the processes that
occurs as you advance
your consciousness is
that you're not so interested
in the payoff anymore.
Dr. Hawkins talks
about a lot of people
in negative
emotional states have
those states to gain
energy from somebody else.
And we call it juice.
We call them vampires.
We all know these people.
And then the answer
is, as an observer,
I don't want to be that way.
And if I catch myself doing
it, well, the only way
to catch yourself
is to get to a point
of being yourself sufficient
to be able to catch yourself.
Now we're back to that again.
>> REGINA: But you're still down
to the basic mechanics of life.
This has to be done.
I have to get there on time.
Got to drop the kids off.
Got to go to the grocery store.
I think I'll make this.
I'll try to get a jump on it,
because we have to be somewhere
right after dinner.
You know what I mean?
That's your should list.
But look what that does.
>> VEITENHEIMER: And should
and have to are the same.
>> REGINA: They're the same.
>> VEITENHEIMER: Because they
represent a negative stance
in relation to it.
I love my daughter.
She called one day.
And I said, I go,
what are doing.
She goes, I have to go to work.
And I go, no, you
don't, starve to death.
>> REGINA: There you go.
Look at it.
>> VEITENHEIMER: And
then I go, what's this.
I love to eat.
I'm going to work.
I'm going to get me
a pizza afterwards.
You see?
Now we have joyfulness now.
Where did it become to
complain about work?
It's not about the work.
It's the benefit
you get out of it
So once you start looking
at the benefit, which
can be positive or negative--
one of the sad
things is people that
work to a negative benefit.
>> REGINA: Yeah,
that's very sad.
>> VEITENHEIMER: And so it's
very normal in our society,
but it's not healthy.
And that's one of
the things you find
with a whole lot
of activity that we
pursue every day in our lives.
It may be normal.
You may be normal.
You may be acting
in the correct way.
But it doesn't mean
you're energized.
It doesn't mean you're fulfilled
or happy at the end of the day.
>> REGINA: Exactly.
And that's where they have
tos and shoulds come in,
because these are a
matter of perception.
There are things
that we actually
do need to do in order to
make enough money to put food
on the table, have a
roof over our head,
or have a relationship
that's functional.
There are things that
need to be covered.
The vast majority of
people tend to language it
as a burden and
obligation, all of it.
>> VEITENHEIMER: And that is the
reason I called it "War Day,"
because more people would
recognize what they go through
as some kind of battle
on a daily basis.
If I called it
"Fun Day," I don't
think there's that
many people that
would look at it like,
oh, my god, it's Monday,
and I get to go to work and
have it out with everybody.
>> REGINA: So is this
part of the book,
where you talk about reframing
your perspective about what
a day represents,
activities represent?
Even if they're
mandatory activities,
they don't have to be
a drag or a burden.
>> VEITENHEIMER: Well, you
don't have to approach them from
standpoint of a battle.
You don't have to approach them
from a should or I have to,
even.
Everything and all
life is an opportunity.
That's it.
Hawkins teaches 540 joyfulness.
And we look at conscious
evolution as something
you attain to or work
your way towards.
And what I teach people is,
why don't you just start there.
Every day, you start
out and go, I'm joyful.
And of course,
the whole world is
going to maybe make
that a hard position.
>> REGINA: They'll challenge it.
>> VEITENHEIMER: Yes.
But at the end of the day,
think how much more ahead
you are, because
maybe you didn't
go so far all the way down
to guilt and shame and apathy
and anger and all these
negative emotions.
And so the next day, you
start with joyfulness again.
>> REGINA: It makes sense.
And then when you hear people,
say, at the office or whatever,
engaging in a debate,
for example, about maybe
a political situation
that's occurring,
you start to learn to be more
discerning about whether you
want to hop in on it and
use your energy that way,
because these little things
steal energy all day long.
>> VEITENHEIMER: Yes.
And that becomes
the non-conscious
and the unconscious.
Freud, in some ways, did a
service and a disservice.
He broke conscious down in
conscious, subconscious,
unconscious.
To me, conscious is homogeneous.
It's extensive throughout
the body and the brain
and the mind and all that.
But one thing he
left out is energy.
I can have all kinds
of consciousness.
I can have all kinds of idea
of doing well in the universe.
But if I don't have
the energy for it--
And so this is the base level
I attacked in "War Day,"
is I want to generate and want
you to generate enough energy
that, no matter what
you go through the day,
at the end of it, you can come
up and go, I'm still standing.
I still have energy for myself.
>> REGINA: Incredibly useful.
>> VEITENHEIMER: Yes.
>> REGINA: OK, now let's talk
about some other simple things
we can do besides
being in nature,
going for a walk in
nature, moving to nature.
What about qigong, tai chi?
What is their place in
energizing the field?
>> VEITENHEIMER: If you take
what I call what's available
to you--
I love diet books, not true.
>> REGINA: Testing
on that, not true.
>> VEITENHEIMER: Your field goes
weak if you even think about
diet.
But if you look at it,
walking is something.
Like in ayurvedic medicine
and Kundalini yoga,
we say walk 3 miles a day.
And I can make a judgment that
children don't do that anymore
at school.
The parents drop them
off, pick them up.
If they've got to walk,
like, 20 feet to the car,
it's a long distance.
But walking is
available to everybody.
And the thing about
walking, people go,
oh, well, it's physical
exercise for you weight.
No, it is a subconscious
exercise to clear the mind,
because over the course of
about 45 minutes of walking,
your subconscious will
come back into balance.
And if you come home and
sit down in front of TV
and three hours of
TV, your subconscious
has still not attained
its new balance point.
>> REGINA: I find that
very true with walking.
>> VEITENHEIMER: So walking
is available to everybody.
If you can't walk, roll.
>> REGINA: OK, so you
want to walk and roll.
>> VEITENHEIMER: Yeah.
>> REGINA: OK, now
let's go further,
because YouTube makes
almost everything available
to everybody.
>> VEITENHEIMER: And for
the first time in history.
When I first heard about
Kundalini yoga, my kung fu
teacher in 1969,
grandmaster George Ing goes,
well, you go to LA, study
with grandmaster R.D. Wong.
I'll give you a letter.
I had to have all
that back then.
And the second thing, he
said, study Kundalini yoga.
In 1969, it wasn't available.
So I went to the library.
There wasn't no internet.
And I found out that there
was this thing called
Kundalini yoga.
And it was taught in India.
But I moved to LA and
coincided with studying
kung fu with master
R.D. Wong, Yogi Bhajian
came to the United
States and started
teaching Kundalini yoga.
And so I walked in the
door and said, sign me up.
And they go, do you
want to know about it.
And I go, no.
My kung fu teacher
told me to study it.
So I'm here to study it.
So I wasn't a devotee, but
I was definitely a student.
And one of the things about
martial arts and Kundalini yoga
and everything, do what
your teacher tells you.
So I would do the exercises.
And I can truthfully
say it is probably
the most progressive way to
alter your physical and mental
form that's ever existed.
>> REGINA: That is true.
And it's funny on
just a personal note.
And I know this isn't normal.
But my beings, my soul
group told me years ago,
do Hatha yoga.
This is wonderful.
Never do Kundalini yoga.
And I thought, why, I wonder.
I didn't ask why.
I just said, all right.
So I end up in a Kundalini yoga
class years later accidentally.
I didn't know that's
what I was in.
At the end of the class,
I was out of my body
so solidly I couldn't
find my way back in.
I couldn't write a
check, find my shoes.
>> VEITENHEIMER: How
long did it take you?
>> REGINA: A long time.
I was the last
one sitting there.
And I just couldn't find
anything, because I felt myself
sitting next to myself.
>> VEITENHEIMER:
Let me explain that.
>> REGINA: We only have
a minute or so left.
Do tell me.
>> VEITENHEIMER: I've taught
Kundalini yoga for 40 years.
The first time, it took 2 and
1/2 hours for me to come back,
without relating the
whole experience.
And the thing about when
we teach Kundalini yoga
and when we teach Tantra
yoga and things like that,
one of the things
that we do now,
and back then we didn't,
and that was tell somebody,
if you start this, you will
not be the same person.
And I would say the same
thing about "War Day."
If you start this book, if
you practice what's in it,
you will not be the
same person, because you
will lose all the negativity,
all the attractions,
all the interactions that
keep you from being yourself.
>> REGINA: That's a
good advertisement.
And if it keeps its promise,
then it's a very valuable book.
>> VEITENHEIMER: Every
day, every new client,
I'm giving do this and
this and this and this,
because I want you to be
able to help yourself.
>> REGINA: I think
that's excellent.
And it sounds like
it's, like you say,
something that
everybody can access.
You don't need to spend
a lot of money, other
than the price of a book.
It's all within our power
to regain a sense of self
and then pump our
field back out where
it should be to sustain us.
>> VEITENHEIMER: Yes, because
you're a joy to the universe.
>> REGINA: And then you can
actually start having that
lovely vertical
integration of truth.
>> VEITENHEIMER: Yes.
>> REGINA: Absolutely beautiful.
Well, Randy, thank you.
It's been a pleasure
being with you.
>> VEITENHEIMER: Thank you
I enjoyed talking to you.
>> REGINA: To learn more
about Randy's teachings,
tune into "Quantum
Effect" here on Gaia.
Until next time, thank
you for joining us here
on "Open Minds."
[THEME MUSIC]